AN-27024 (#118)
libremfg/rhize-docs: content/reference/agent-configuration.md

| Anonymous           | Connects without any necessary credential.                                                                                                                                                      |
| Username            | Authenticates through a `username` and `password` in the config file, or through a Kubernetes secret.                                                                                                                           |
| Certificate         | Uses the certificate on disk specified in the  `OPCUA.CertFile` and `OPCUA.KeyFile` configs. If no certificate exists and the config specifies the `OPCUA.GenCert` property as `true`, automatically generates one. |

## logging

 Logs the configurations to the console.

| Attributes | Description |   
|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `type`                | Specifies the logging configuration type: `json`, `multi`, or console by default. <br />(Default: `console`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `type`                | Specifies the logging configuration type: `json`, `multi`, or `console`. <br />(Default: `console`) |
```

| `GRAPHQL_URL`         | The URL of the GraphQL endpoint to use for interacting with Rhize services. <br />(Default: `http://localhost:8080/graphql`) |

## NATS

| Attribute | Description |
|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `SERVER_URL`         | The URL for connecting to the NATS server. <br />(Default: `nats://system:system@localhost:4222`) | 

## OIDC

 Configurations for Keycloak authentication and connection with OpenID Connect.

| Attribute | Description |
|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `serverUrl`         | The URL of the OpenID Connect server. <br />(Default: `http://localhost:8090`) |
| `realm`         | Identifies the authentication domain for which the authentication request is being made. |
| `client_id`         | The unique identifier assigned to the client application by the OIDC server. |

> | `client_secret`         | Used to authenticate the client alongisde the client ID when making confidential requests. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `client_secret`         | Used to authenticate the client alongside the client ID when making confidential requests. |
```

| `username`         | The username credentials to authenticate with the OIDC server. |
| `password`         | The password credentials to authenticate with the OIDC server. |

## OpenTelemetry

| Attribute | Description |
|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `serverUrl`         | The URL of the OpenTelemetry server.  <br />(Default: `localhost:4317`) |   

## OPCUA 

| Attribute | Description |
|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `DiscoveryUrl`         | The URL to locate and connect to OPC UA servers on a network. <br />(Default: `opc.tcp://localhost:4840`) |
| `Endpoint`         | The URL of the OPC UA service server.  <br />(Default: `opc.tcp://localhost:4840`) |

> | `Username`         | The username credentials to authenticate with the OP CUA server. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Username`         | The username credentials to authenticate with the OPC UA server. |
```

> | `Password`         | The password credentials to authenticate with the. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Password`         | The password credentials to authenticate with the OPC UA server. |
```

| `Mode`         | The operational mode of the OPC UA server/client.  <br />(Default: `None`) |
| `Policy`         | The security measures for OPC UA server communication.  <br />(Default: `None`) |
| `Auth`         | The authentication mechanisms and user access control.  <br />(Default: `Anonymous`) |
| `AppUri`         | The application's unique URI within the OPC UA system.  <br />(Default: `opc.tcp://localhost:4840`) |

## BUFFERS

| Attribute | Description |
|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `ProtocolQueueType`         | The type of queue used for buffering communication protocol data.  <br />(Default: `0`) |   

## HEALTH

| Attribute | Description |
|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `PollInterval`         | The frequency of scans for component status and health.  <br />(Default: `1000`) |   

> | `SubscriptionTimeout`         | The maximum duration for waiting to receive updates from subscribed data sources.  <br />(Default: `60000`) |   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SubscriptionTimeout`         | The maximum duration to wait to receive updates from subscribed data sources.  <br />(Default: `60000`) |   
```

| `SubscriptionMaxCount`         | The maximum number of concurrent subscriptions for monitoring.  <br />(Default: `5`) |   

## MQTT

| Attribute | Description |
|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `Version`         | The version of MQTT used: `5.0` or `3.1.1`. <br />(Default: `3.1.1`) |   

Reviewer: @Jarrah-libremfg Does the agent accept 5.0 yet?

Author: From what we're aware of, there is a MqttAdapterV5.go file implementation in progress, and the code reads both 3.1.1 and 5.0 versions, but the 5 case just raises an unsupported message currently.

| `ClientId`         | The ID used in the MQTT broker.  <br />(Default: `mqtt-client`) |   
| `Endpoint`         | The URL of the MQTT broker.  <br />(Default: `mqtt://localhost:1883`) |   
| `Username`         | The username credentials to authenticate with the MQTT broker. |   
| `Password`         | The password credentials to authenticate with the MQTT broker. |   
| `DecomposeJSON`         | Enables or disables JSON payload decomposition into individual data fields.  <br />(Default: `false`) |   
| `TimestampField`         | The field to search to return timestamp information.  <br />(Default: `timestamp`) |   

> | `RequestTimeout`         | The maximum duration for waiting to receive a response to an MQTT request from the broker.  <br />(Default: `10`) |   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RequestTimeout`         | The maximum duration to wait to receive a response to an MQTT request from the broker.  <br />(Default: `10`) |   
```
